{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 The course covers a lot of material (too much) in one day.\
- Bug: By the end of the first presentation, my brain has already been toast.\
- Feature: "Done" by the end of the day. At least from Nvidia's side. I will need at least another week to unpack all the material and have my brain process it. So it's definitely great that the material can be downloaded and that the azure notebooks are available until 6 months after the course.\
\
Downloadable slides:\
- Bug: Not up to date with the actual presentation. This is something you should be able to fix very easily, as the instructor obviously has the slides. Honestly, I cannot understand why the slides are not up to date. Even when the differences are minor, in the back of my head I know there's something missing when the slides are not up to date. FIX THIS!111ONeOneONe\
- Feature: Allows me to postprocess what is on the slides.\
\
Azure lab notebooks\
- Bug: While the availability until 6 months after the course is generous, it is still finite. It would be nice to have instructions on how to download everything and the environment. I will try to do this myself, including the conda environment. But it would be so much easier if you could provide it. Waiting until azure lab launches can be quite lengthy. Do something about it if you can. (This is might be difficult.)\
- Feature: Everything else. Golden overall experience on azure labs.\
\
Content\
- Bug: Very Nvidia focussed. Not that I am surprised but I would very much prefer more general classes in "raw" pytorch (or similar).\
- Feature: If I ever have to do with other Nvidia products than GPU and related software (drivers, CUDA, cuDNN, ...), I can check the material that we have been provided.\
\
Thanks a lot for reading and all the best for the entire course team!}